README.md, before:

A small R package that contains a parser for data sheets. It is currently used to parse our google sheets with the BioSB curriculum.

The package exports only one function: `parse_sheet()`, which parses one sheet and returns a list of named tables. The structure of a data sheet should be as follows

```
# Comment rows start with a hash in the left most cell
# Blank lines are ignored, also if they contain tabs
# The name of a table is printed above a table behind the > symbol
# A table starts with a column header row in the left-most cell of a line

> name_of_table
# more optional comments or blank lines
var1  var2  var3
1     2     3
4     5     6

# more comments if needed
> other_table
var5  var6  var7
1     2     3
4     5     6
```

This sheet will be parsed by `parse_sheet()` and returns a list object with two named `tibble` objects:

```
$name_of_table
# A tibble: 2 × 3
  var1  var2  var3 
  <chr> <chr> <chr>
1 1     2     3    
2 4     5     6    

$other_table
# A tibble: 2 × 3
  var5  var6  var7 
  <chr> <chr> <chr>
1 1     2     3    
2 4     5     6    
```

Commit message:

update readme with installation instruction and title

README.md, after:

---
title: dataSheetParcr
---

A small R package that contains a parser for data sheets. It is currently used to parse our google sheets with the BioSB curriculum. The parser was constructed with the [`parcr`](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/parcr/index.html) package 

## Installation

Install with
```r
# install.packages("pak")
pak::pak("SystemsBioinformatics/dataSheetParcr")
```

## Usage
The package exports only one function: `parse_sheet()`, which parses one sheet and returns a list of named tables. The structure of a data sheet should be as follows

```
# Comment rows start with a hash in the left most cell
# Blank lines are ignored, also if they contain tabs
# The name of a table is printed above a table behind the > symbol
# A table starts with a column header row in the left-most cell of a line

> name_of_table
# more optional comments or blank lines
var1  var2  var3
1     2     3
4     5     6

# more comments if needed
> other_table
var5  var6  var7
1     2     3
4     5     6
```

This sheet will be parsed by `parse_sheet()` and returns a list object with two named `tibble` objects:

```
$name_of_table
# A tibble: 2 × 3
  var1  var2  var3 
  <chr> <chr> <chr>
1 1     2     3    
2 4     5     6    

$other_table
# A tibble: 2 × 3
  var5  var6  var7 
  <chr> <chr> <chr>
1 1     2     3    
2 4     5     6    
```
